.\" See <https://liw.fi/manpages/> and man-pages(7) for imformation on how to
.\" edit this file
.TH MAILNEX 1 2017-07-08
.SH NAME
mailnex \- an IMAP mail user agent (MUA) for text terminals
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mailnex
[\fB\--config\fR \fICONFIG_FILE\fR]
[\fB\-A\fR \fIACCOUNT\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mailnex
is an email client (a MUA or Mail User Agent).
It can connect to IMAP servers to view email, and can send email either via
local sendmail or remote SMTP server.
It tries to be reasonably secure about things (see section SECURITY).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-A ", " \-\-account =\fIACCOUNT\fR
Apply settings from given account name (as specified in the config file)
before making a connection.
This overrides an account command given in the config file itself.
.TP
.BR \-\-config =\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
Use a different configuration file than the default (see FILES below).
.SH SECURITY
tbd
.SH ENVIRONMENT
tbd
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/linsam.homelinux.com/mailnex/mailnex.conf
Default configuration file. (XDG location)
.TP
.I ~/.cache/linsam.homelinux.com/mailnex/histfile
Command history file. Stores mailnex command history.
.TP
.I ~/.cache/linsam.homelinux.com/mailnex/searchdb.*
Search databases for indexed mailboxes, used by the search and index commands.
These can be safely deleted, and will be regenerated the next time the mailbox
is indexed.
.SH CONFORMING TO
This implementation tries to have a user interface similar to the POSIX mail
program in look and feel, but does not try to be actually compliant to that
specification.
Most of the usage is based on experience using the heirloom-mailx client.
.PP
The IMAP code tries to follow RFC3501.
.PP
The message code tries to follow RFC2822 and the MIME RFCs (TODO: which ones?)
.SH NOTES
tbd
.SH BUGS
There are many.
Check for existing and report new bugs at <http://github.com/linsam/mailnex/issues/>
